they smiled sadly at one another. Harris said a little something in one's stomach often keeps the disease in check; and Mrs. poppets brought the tray in. this duty done, they refilled 
their glasses,lit pipes and resumed the discussion. they were't able to figure out what was the actual problem so they concluded it must be because of overwork. harris and george
suggested they should take a break, george added the overstrain upon our brains has produced a general depression throughout the system. change of scence and absence of
necessity for thought, will restore the mental equilibrium. j agreed with george and george's cousin was a medical student. j suggested , they should seek out some retired time
far from noisy world and maddling crowd and dream away a sunny week among its drowsy lanes - some half-forgotten nook,hidden away by fairies. harris said he knew a place where
everybody went to bed at 8 o'clock , and you won't get any weekly paper for love and money. "no" said harris if you want to rest nothing can beat a sea trip. j objected as sea 
trip is good when you are going for couple of month, not for a week. you start on monday with excitement and full energy. on tuesday you wish you hadn't come. on wednesday,
thursday and friday you wish you were dead. on saturday you are able to adapt a little. on sunday you begin to walk about again. on momday morning you get comfortable and begin
to thoroughly like it. j remember his brother in law going for a short trip once, for the benifit of his health. at last he was very anxious and sold his return ticket and came back
by tain, he said north-western railway was healthy enough for him. another fellow j knew went for a week's voyage round the coast . he paid for meal beforehand for the whole series.
the steward said there would be breakfast, lunch at once and consisted of four courses, dinner at six and light supper at 10. but he felt like he was eating nothing but boiled beef
for weeks, and strawberries and icecream for years. he was sick of it, he had no enthusiasm for dinner announcements. for the next four days he lived on captain's biscuit and
soda water; on saturday he went in for weak tea and toast , and on monday he was gorging himself on chicken broth. he left the ship on tuesday .